- [Instructor] As a Java developer,
how do you take your existing skills
and apply them to Kubernetes?
Kubernetes has gained a significant adoption
in the container orchestration world
in the last couple of years.
Java is the most prolific language in the enterprise.
I'll show you how to package your Java application
as a docker image, create Kubernetes manifests
and deploy them to a Kubernetes cluster
on desktop and in the cloud.
We'll also talk about observability of these services,
using Service Match and how to create deployment pipelines
so that you can focus on what you do the best,
building your applications.
I'm Arun Gupta, actively involved
in the Kubernetes community and a Java champion.
I've been playing with Kubernetes for over three years,
authored a book on it and programming and Java
for over two decades.
If you're ready to learn how to package, deploy
and manage your Java applications of Kubernetes,
then come join me in my LinkedIn learning course
on Kubernetes for Java Developers.